Welcome back, Spe-chan.
You did well in the Kikkashou.
I lost!
That's too bad.
You're going to put on weight
if you eat this late.
I'll start training really hard
again tomorrow. It's okay.
Seiun Sky-san was pretty amazing out there.
I couldn't catch up to her at all.
I did it!
I think you can be proud of
coming in second, though.
But you came in first the other day.
Do you want any yatsuhashi?
I already had some.
Besides, I have a race next week.
Tennoushou
The fall Tennoushou, right?
I want to run with you at least once.
What race do you have after that one?
Tennoushou
Japan C
The Japan Cup…
I wanna run in that, too…
You'll have to ask Trainer-san.
But I want to try running with you, too.
What? Really?
Then how about we both go ask him?
Yeah, we might not get
another chance anytime soon.
Wh-Why's that?
I'm thinking of going to
America after the Japan Cup.
What?
What?!
So we should run together,
no matter what.
It's a promise.
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 7
Promise
You're all here, right?
The finish line will be over there.
The finish line…
Fuchu
Where is this?
Inn
An inn?
That's pretty deep in the mountains.
How long is this going to take?
It'll help you train for hills,
Defeat Team Rigil!
and give you more stamina.
We're going to get through those fall G-I's.
And someone here lost the Kikkashou, right?
Yes, that was me.
Yep, that was you.
It's 3:00 PM right now.
Defeat Team Rigil!
You don't get any dinner unless
you make it there by 6 PM.
What?!
Anyway, good luck.
Is he really a trainer?
He's amusing, huh?
And he wants us to
run an impossible path…
This is more like a spiritual
exercise than training.
Seriously.
Hey!
H-Hey, Suzuka-senpai!
Who gave Suzuka-san the map?!
We're going to get lost!
Wait!
Opera O, you're not moving your arms enough!
Right!
T. M. Opera O
We can't keep losing to Spica!
We have the most victories overall this year!
We need to show people our pride!
There we go…
Maruzensky-san…
What's up?
Could you run with me?
I guess you really wanted
to win the Mainichi Okan.
It was the first time I lost.
I don't want to get used to that feeling.
All right.
My leg has completely recovered.
Please help me.
No problem. Leave it to me.
Let's see if you can keep up with me.
Thank you so much.
Let's go.
Right.
The two of you are going to be in
the Tennoushou this fall, right?
Air Groove-senpai, you beat Suzuka-san
in the fall Tennoushou last year, right?
Yes, I won then, but I lost
this year's Takarazuka Kinen.
Suzuka's completely different
than she was last year.
What are you so afraid of?
I'm going to beat Suzuka hands down.
That's the spirit.
But don't let your guard down.
Suzuka has changed since she left Rigil.
How is she different now?
A typical race is about strategy and tactics.
You're trying to beat the other horse girls.
But now, Suzuka always gives her all,
no matter the distance,
as if she was running a time trial.
She doesn't care about the other horse girls.
Fine by me.
Then I'll go head to head with her.
Senpai, I'm not sure if that's the best idea.
No, it's not a bad idea.
Huh?
Don't count on her to get tired at the
end like you did in the Mainichi Okan.
You shouldn't wait at the back of the pack.
You need to give Suzuka a run for her money.
I'm going to make you proud, Hana-san.
I'm not going to lose!
I won't lose anymore, either!
If I keep losing to Suzuka-san,
I won't be able to proudly go to
the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe?
That's what you're going after?
Then win this.
Right.
I can't do this…
Neither can I…
It's so dark. I'm scared!
That's…
Our trainer!
Hey there.
W-We made it…
I'm so happy to see light again…
You guys are late.
Were you seriously taking a bath?!
Hurry up and go take your baths.
Clean off that sweat.
As if you had to ask!
You guys…
But before that…
I'm going to thank you for this…
I-I'm sorry! F-Forgive me!
Be thoughtful in the bath! Please allow
your fellow bathers an enjoyable experience.
What?!
But the Japan Cup is almost here!
So you'll be in America
by the end of the year?
Yeah, that's the plan.
No way!
When are you coming back?
I haven't decided yet.
But I plan on staying there
until I feel it's time to leave.
I wanted to keep seeing
you run in person.
I'm sorry I couldn't really tell you guys.
It'll be lonely without you.
Please, let me participate in the Japan Cup.
Girls!
You're eating too much!
What's up with all this food?
I heard it was all you can eat.
It's not!
Could we get a some premium sushi over here?
What?!
I'll have some carrots!
No problem.
G-Girls…
Trainer-san!
So, you were saying?
The Japan Cup.
You want to run with Suzuka, right?
Yes.
Somebody on our team would
be on the losing end.
So I'd rather not, but…
Please!
You've always been all about Suzuka, huh?
Fine.
But if Suzuka loses in the Tennoushou,
I can't promise you anything
for the Japan Cup.
And Suzuka came in 6th place last year.
But with the way she is now,
Suzuka couldn't lose.
Exactly.
Really, and you call yourself a trainer?
You're so lucky, Spe. I wanted
to run with Suzuka, too.
Me, too.
Suzuka-senpai,
you have lots of people
waiting to go up against you,
so make sure you come back home soon.
Yeah, I look forward to it.
We'll have to win more, so we
can be in races together.
I suppose that means I'll be able to run
with Suzuka sooner than you, McQueen.
No, I think it's obvious
I'll run with her first.
It'll be me!
No, me!
I'm going to be the one running with Suzuka!
Two months' salary gone in a flash.
Spica's a good team.
Everyone's kind of rough
around the edges, though.
I can't eat any more…
You set the atmosphere for me
to tell everyone, didn't you?
To tell everyone that I'm going to America.
Well, that was part of it.
I thought it'd help morale, too.
We need to show Hana-san what we're made of.
Thank you for inviting me to join this team.
Oh? What's with you all of a sudden?
Fell asleep, huh?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Tennoushou Fall
It's November 1st.
It's the 11th race at the Tokyo Racetrack.
Bracket 1, Number 1 will be
the most popular horse girl,
Silence Suzuka.
There are so many 1s appearing today.
It feels kind of like fate.
All the Suzuka merchandise
has already sold out.
Silence Suzuka
Mascot Plush
Sold Out!!
Silence Suzuka
Mug
Sold Out!!
There are so many people here
today at the Tokyo Racecourse
Silence Suzuka
Strap
Sold Out!!
to see her run beautifully out there.
Suzuka-san, hurry up!
Suzuka, what's wrong?
I'm just redoing my strap.
Mejiro Ryan
See you on the track, then.
Right.
Let's both do our best out there.
Nice Nature
Yeah.
I'm so nervous!
Winning Ticket
I'm itching all over…
Don't try to get away from me.
G-Good luck out there.
The last one out is Silence Suzuka!
That's some thunderous
cheering from the crowd.
You can do it, Suzuka!
She's really popular!
Suzuka-san!
Everyone…
I'll be counting on you to
make some waves out there.
Please take this.
Good luck!
This is from when you ran in the Derby…
I was thinking it might do you some good.
Yeah, you can count on me.
Suzuka-san!
Suzuka!
I'm going to have some fun out there.
I imagine the secret to her strength
is her ability to have fun racing.
She always told me to
have fun before my races.
Suzuka-san…
I don't lose to the same person twice.
I'm going to beat you, and proudly try my
hand at the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Let's see if you can keep up with me.
Oh, I will.
The twelve horse girls
have entered their gates.
El Condor Pasa, Hishi Amazon, Winning Ticket,
Mejiro Ryan, Nice Nature…
Will they be able to catch Silence Suzuka?
The gates have opened!
That's a good start!
Silence Suzuka has quickly taken
her position at the front!
El Condor Pasa is in second.
I'm going to catch up to Suzuka-san.
That's right, El.
Keep on her.
W-Wait, what's going on?
Silence Suzuka is breaking
further away from the pack.
That's some impressive speed!
She's fast!
She won't even let me go one-on-one with her!
She's going even faster than I expected.
She's way too…
…fast!
Why?!
We're about to hit the third turn!
There's a huge gap now!
Her 1,000 meter time is…
57.4 seconds!
57.4?!
You can't be serious!
How is she that fast?
Suzuka-san is really amazing!
Silence Suzuka keeps flying!
I've never seen a horse
girl run this fast before.
Just how many horse lengths is she ahead?!
The cheers here in the stadium
are reaching a fever pitch!
My energy and stamina are
the best they've ever been.
I can run even faster.
She's started running even faster!
Go!
Suzuka-san!
I can keep…
Huh?
Silence Suzuka!
There's something wrong with Silence Suzuka!
What's going on here?
There's a problem here.
Is Silence Suzuka okay?
Just what happened on the other side
of that big Japanese zelkova tree?
Everyone's confused here.
There's something wrong
with Silence Suzuka…
Mejiro Ryan and Nice Nature are
coming in from the outside.
El Condor Pasa is in the lead.
The race is continuing
into the fourth turn…
Tennoushou (Fall) GI November 1st
Good luck!
Suzuka-san…
Where am I?
H-Hold on a second!
I'm going to get Trainer-san!
Good luck!
Yo.
Trainer-san…
Don't push yourself!
Relax.
Um, I…
I'm glad we're able to talk like this.
What should I say to her?
A fracture…
You've been working a pretty hard schedule.
You'll have to rest for a while.
If it's just a fracture, it'll heal, right?
Yeah, of course.
I'll be able to run, right?
Yeah, well…
Will I be able to race at full speed again?
About that…
We don't know if you'll be able to run
100 percent like you did before.
No, you will be able to!
You'll be able to race again!
You promised me, didn't you, Suzuka-san?
Promised you?
I'll make sure you'll be able to run
at 100 percent! No, 120 percent!
Spe-chan…
That Spe…
I hear that rehabilitation
is really difficult,
but you'll be fine, I'm sure!
D-Don't push me!
G-Girls…
You guys were listening?
Don't hurt yourselves. This is
a hospital, you know?
Suzuka!
I was so worried about you.
I'm sorry for worrying you, everyone.
You better be!
Hey—
I feel better now that I've seen you.
Spe-chan kept saying that you had a
fracture and refused to leave your side.
Teio-san, you're supposed
to keep that a secret.
Suzuka-senpai, I'll draw something
on your cast to wish you well.
Scarlet, it's a bit early
for your scribbling.
You should do this before
she gets discharged.
I am the God of Horse Girls.
God
What?
Silence Suzuka, I can see your future.
God, please tell us her future!
God
Let's see…
You're running on green turf.
I-Is this America?!
What race in America?
Huh?
The, uh…
New York Cup!
God
That doesn't exist.
Huh?
It doesn't?
It sounds like it should.
You didn't think this through at all!
Well, I guess you did an okay job, for you.
God
Sh-Shut up!
Suzuka-senpai, do you remember
what happened at the end?
At the end?
If you fall at top speed, you can die.
Spe-senpai helped you, and so you
only ended up with a fracture.
I didn't…
The doctor said she did a good job.
Yeah.
Huh?
She was amazing.
Silence Suzuka!
There's something wrong with Silence Suzuka!
It's her left leg!
Special Week-san!
Trainer!
That's not going to be good!
Suzuka-san! Suzuka-san!
Suzuka!
Suzuka-san!
Don't let her put weight on her left leg!
We need a medic immediately!
Suzuka-san…
It's okay.
Don't worry.
Trainer-san is here, too.
You've always kept your
promises no matter what.
So…
I'm going to make you keep
your promise of running with me.
Suzuka-san, can you hear me?
Suzuka-san!
Thank you…
Ow…
You silly…
I have…
…to keep my promise.
Yeah, this is just the beginning.
Right, Spe?
Yeah!
We're going to run together!
Good luck!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm